Info for newbies (#106)
epics-docs/epics-docs: getting-started/installation-linux.rst

can use ``apt-get install``.  The :doc:`linux-packages` document lists all 
of the packages required to build EPICS base, the sequencer, synApps modules, and areaDetector.

> Example on standard Linux
> 
> ::
>     sudo apt install build-essential
>     sudo apt install libreadline-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example on Ubuntu, Debian, and other Debian-based Linux

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install build-essential
    sudo apt install libreadline-dev
```

Author: Yes, that looks better. Thank you.
